fix(admission) add KongClusterPlugin config (#2000)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

 - [0.0.5](#005)
 - [0.0.4 and prior](#004-and-prior)

## [2.1.0]

> Release date: TBD

> **Note:** the admission webhook updates are _not_ applied automatically by the

Reviewer: For easier application, maybe we could provide a copy-pasteable `kubectl patch --patch '{json}' validatingwebhookconfiguration kong-validations` instead of natural language instructions.

upgrade. If you set one up previously, you should edit it (`kubectl edit
validatingwebhookconfiguration kong-validations` and add `kongclusterplugins`

> under the `resources` block fro the `configuration.konghq.com` apiGroup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
under the `resources` block for the `configuration.konghq.com` API group.
```
